docs: Update meta content - CLI (#5343)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/commands/credentials/read.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: credentials read - Command
description: >-

>   The "credentials read" command retrieves the details of an existing credential resource given its ID.

Reviewer: there isn't a consistent use of the "given ID" terminology throughout, but I'd at least change this one

```suggestion
  The "credentials read" command retrieves the details of an existing credential resource for a given ID.
```
